Added security functions and features (#125)
oscal-compass/community: SELF_ASSESSMENT.md

| OSCAL                                           | Critical          | OSCAL is a NIST framework and language for managing compliance artifacts as code end-to-end. This enables the easy selection and documentation of security controls using policy-as-code and enables efficient creation of action plans for security remediations and risk mitigation.                                                      |
| Trestle                                         | Critical          | Trestle is an opinionated implementation of the OSCAL standard. It makes sure that the schemas are enforced during the manipulation of OSCAL documents and provides an SDK which means that fewer user re-implementations of common functions are necessary, thereby decreasing the attack surface area.                                    |

> | Plugin Architecture Security                    | Critical          | Plugins are built on top of Policy Validation and Enforcement Points (PVPs/PEPs) which either result from Kubernetes resources or internal infrastructure. Such resources are less likely to be vulnerable to security risks.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: Suggesting a change to description here to define the secure aspects of the plugin architecture itself:

Maybe something like -
Plugins (C2P only) allows modular integration with Policy Validation and Enforcement Points (PVPs/PEPs). Each plugin is run in a fully independent process that communicates with the main application via gRPC on a local network. This isolation helps prevent data corruption and leakage between plugins and the main application.

| Git/SCM Infrastructure                          | Critical          | Git and other SCM infrastructures enables the creation of automated workflows when submitting code to a central repository for collaboration. OSCAL serves as the starting point of the automated workflow by declaring security controls as machine-readable code, which enables automated security checks even before manual code review. |
| Agile Authoring                                 | Security Relevant | The Agile Authoring platform enables all involved compliance personnel to orchestrate their individual aspects of the compliance artifacts while ensuring artifacts' consistency and traceability, reducing the risk of outsider manipulation.                                                                                              |

> | Plugin Selection/External Command Configuration | Security Relevant | Plugins can be selected based on the needs of the users to strengthen their security controls only when necessary .                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: Suggesting a slight reword for clarity.
```suggestion
| Plugin Selection/External Command Configuration | Security Relevant | Plugins can be selected based on the needs of the users, reducing the attack surface by enabling only necessary integrations.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
